Wrong cloud dragon pattern copper furnace
Daming Xuande New Year's Day
This incense burner is made of gold and silver arch wings
The mouth is tight along the ears
The walls are decorated with cloud dragon patterns
It's a rare masterpiece
It's really good.
What's wrong with you, Mr. Fang?
Are you OK?
Come closer to me
Master, I admit that this one is really good.
But compared to mine
He's just rubbish
The whole province
There's no better baby than me
Hey
Master, look
This is actually the night pearl of Lafayette
It's a big door at a glance
So rare
Master, there are more than one night pearl
Three in total
What three three
There are three in total.
This is incredible.
It's actually three night pearls
This is a priceless treasure
It is indeed the treasure of the real name among the three genuine works.
Master, I don't need to look at the back anymore, right?
Just announce it, lucky
Hahahaha
Master, my baby is the voyage
A well-deserved national treasure